me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/data/ChunkRenderBounds.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.data.ChunkRenderBounds
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.data.ChunkRenderBounds$Builder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/buffer/VertexBufferWriter.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.buffer.VertexBufferWriter
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/region/ChunkRegionManager.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.region.ChunkRegionManager
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/glyph/writer/GlyphVertexWriterFallback.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.glyph.writer.GlyphVertexWriterFallback
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/compile/buffers/FallbackChunkModelBuffers.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.buffers.FallbackChunkModelBuffers
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/cull/ChunkFaceFlags.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.cull.ChunkFaceFlags
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/quad/writer/QuadVertexBufferWriterUnsafe.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.quad.writer.QuadVertexBufferWriterUnsafe
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/buffer/GlBufferUsage.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.buffer.GlBufferUsage
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/pipeline/context/ChunkRenderCacheLocal.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.pipeline.context.ChunkRenderCacheLocal
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/line/LineVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.line.LineVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/entity/smooth_lighting/MixinPaintingEntityRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.entity.smooth_lighting.MixinPaintingEntityRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/color/ColorARGB.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.color.ColorARGB
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/biome/ItemColorsExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.biome.ItemColorsExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/chunk_rendering/MixinPackedIntegerArray.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.chunk_rendering.MixinPackedIntegerArray
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/pipeline/MixinVertexConsumer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.pipeline.MixinVertexConsumer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/shader/ShaderBindingPoint.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.ShaderBindingPoint
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/cull/graph/ChunkGraphNode.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.cull.graph.ChunkGraphNode
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/region/ChunkRegion.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.region.ChunkRegion
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/func/GlFunctions.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlFunctions
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/biome/BiomeColorCache.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.biome.BiomeColorCache
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/hfp/HFPModelVertexBufferWriterUnsafe.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.hfp.HFPModelVertexBufferWriterUnsafe
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/buffer/VertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.buffer.VertexBufferWriterNio
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/GlObject.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.GlObject
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/type/BlittableVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.type.BlittableVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/buffer_builder/fast_advance/MixinBufferBuilder.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.buffer_builder.fast_advance.MixinBufferBuilder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/properties/ModelQuadFacing.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.properties.ModelQuadFacing
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.properties.ModelQuadFacing$1
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/cloned/PackedIntegerArrayExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.cloned.PackedIntegerArrayExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/glyph/writer/GlyphVertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.glyph.writer.GlyphVertexBufferWriterNio
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/backends/multidraw/ChunkDrawCallBatcher.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.ChunkDrawCallBatcher
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.ChunkDrawCallBatcher$NioChunkDrawCallBatcher
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.ChunkDrawCallBatcher$UnsafeChunkDrawCallBatcher
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/VanillaVertexTypes.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.VanillaVertexTypes
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/type/BufferVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.type.BufferVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/Norm3b.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.Norm3b
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/gui/font/MixinGlyphRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.gui.font.MixinGlyphRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/binding/OptionBinding.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.binding.OptionBinding
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/buffer/VertexBufferWriterUnsafe.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.buffer.VertexBufferWriterUnsafe
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/quad/QuadVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.quad.QuadVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/backends/multidraw/MultidrawChunkRenderBackend.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.MultidrawChunkRenderBackend
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/compile/ChunkBuildResult.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.ChunkBuildResult
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/frustum/MixinFrustum.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.frustum.MixinFrustum
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/compile/buffers/ChunkModelVertexTransformer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.buffers.ChunkModelVertexTransformer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/func/GlBufferCopyFunctions.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlBufferCopyFunctions
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlBufferCopyFunctions$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlBufferCopyFunctions$2
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlBufferCopyFunctions$3
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/common/util/collections/DequeDrain.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.common.util.collections.DequeDrain
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/screen_quad/writer/BasicScreenQuadVertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.screen_quad.writer.BasicScreenQuadVertexBufferWriterNio
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/cull/ChunkCuller.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.cull.ChunkCuller
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/math/Matrix4fExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.math.Matrix4fExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/properties/ModelQuadFlags.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.properties.ModelQuadFlags
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.properties.ModelQuadFlags$1
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/chunk_rendering/MixinPalettedContainer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.chunk_rendering.MixinPalettedContainer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/tessellation/GlFallbackTessellation.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.tessellation.GlFallbackTessellation
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/VertexSink.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.VertexSink
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/biome/BiomeCache.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.biome.BiomeCache
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/util/BufferSlice.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.util.BufferSlice
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/ChunkCameraContext.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.ChunkCameraContext
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/lists/ChunkRenderList.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.lists.ChunkRenderList
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.lists.ChunkRenderList$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.lists.ChunkRenderList$2
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/matrix/MixinMatrix4f.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.matrix.MixinMatrix4f
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/SodiumOptionsGUI.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumOptionsGUI
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/shader/ChunkShaderFogComponent.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.shader.ChunkShaderFogComponent
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.shader.ChunkShaderFogComponent$Exp2
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.shader.ChunkShaderFogComponent$Linear
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.shader.ChunkShaderFogComponent$None
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/entity/EntityLightSampler.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.entity.EntityLightSampler
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/smooth/AoFaceData.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoFaceData
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/rand/SplitMixRandom.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.rand.SplitMixRandom
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/widgets/AbstractWidget.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.widgets.AbstractWidget
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/LightMode.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.LightMode
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/type/CustomVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.type.CustomVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/SodiumMixinPlugin.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.SodiumMixinPlugin
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/xhfp/QuadView.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.xhfp.QuadView
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/line/writer/LineVertexBufferWriterUnsafe.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.line.writer.LineVertexBufferWriterUnsafe
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/flat/FlatLightPipeline.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.flat.FlatLightPipeline
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/entity/smooth_lighting/MixinEntityRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.entity.smooth_lighting.MixinEntityRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/fallback/VertexWriterFallback.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.fallback.VertexWriterFallback
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/pipeline/ChunkRenderCache.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.pipeline.ChunkRenderCache
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/matrix/MixinMatrix3f.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.matrix.MixinMatrix3f
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/tasks/ChunkRenderRebuildTask.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.tasks.ChunkRenderRebuildTask
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/particle/writer/ParticleVertexWriterFallback.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.particle.writer.ParticleVertexWriterFallback
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/arena/GlBufferSegment.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.arena.GlBufferSegment
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/glyph/writer/GlyphVertexBufferWriterUnsafe.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.glyph.writer.GlyphVertexBufferWriterUnsafe
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/render_layer/MixinTexturedRenderLayers.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.render_layer.MixinTexturedRenderLayers
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/chunk_rendering/MixinClientChunkManager.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.chunk_rendering.MixinClientChunkManager
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.chunk_rendering.MixinClientChunkManager$MixinClientChunkMap
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/lists/ChunkRenderListIterator.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.lists.ChunkRenderListIterator
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/cloned/palette/ClonedPalette.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.cloned.palette.ClonedPalette
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/tessellation/GlPrimitiveType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.tessellation.GlPrimitiveType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/cull/graph/ChunkGraphCuller.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.cull.graph.ChunkGraphCuller
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/shader/GlProgram.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.GlProgram
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.GlProgram$Builder
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.GlProgram$ProgramFactory
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/shader/ShaderType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.ShaderType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/Dim2i.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.Dim2i
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/entity/fast_render/MixinCuboid.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.entity.fast_render.MixinCuboid
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/screen_quad/writer/BasicScreenQuadVertexBufferWriterUnsafe.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.screen_quad.writer.BasicScreenQuadVertexBufferWriterUnsafe
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/pipeline/MixinBufferBuilder.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.pipeline.MixinBufferBuilder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/tasks/ChunkRenderEmptyBuildTask.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.tasks.ChunkRenderEmptyBuildTask
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/DefaultModelVertexFormats.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.DefaultModelVertexFormats
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/blender/BiomeColorBlender.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.blender.BiomeColorBlender
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/texture/SpriteExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.texture.SpriteExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/rand/XoRoShiRoRandom.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.rand.XoRoShiRoRandom
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/biome/BlockColorsExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.biome.BlockColorsExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/arena/GlBufferArena.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.arena.GlBufferArena
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/properties/ModelQuadOrientation.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.properties.ModelQuadOrientation
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/occlusion/BlockOcclusionCache.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.occlusion.BlockOcclusionCache
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.occlusion.BlockOcclusionCache$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.occlusion.BlockOcclusionCache$CachedOcclusionShapeTest
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/matrix_stack/MixinVertexConsumer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.matrix_stack.MixinVertexConsumer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/shader/ShaderLoader.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.ShaderLoader
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/world_ticking/MixinClientWorld.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.world_ticking.MixinClientWorld
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/attribute/GlVertexAttribute.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.attribute.GlVertexAttribute
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/screen_quad/BasicScreenQuadVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.screen_quad.BasicScreenQuadVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/particle/fast_render/MixinBillboardParticle.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.particle.fast_render.MixinBillboardParticle
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/TextProvider.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.TextProvider
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/buffer_builder/intrinsics/MixinBufferBuilder.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.buffer_builder.intrinsics.MixinBufferBuilder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/Option.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.Option
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/pipeline/MixinVertexFormat.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.pipeline.MixinVertexFormat
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/GameRendererContext.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.GameRendererContext
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/color/ColorU8.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.color.ColorU8
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/OptionGroup.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionGroup
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionGroup$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionGroup$Builder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/ChunkGraphicsState.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.ChunkGraphicsState
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/quad/writer/QuadVertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.quad.writer.QuadVertexBufferWriterNio
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/gui/fast_loading_screen/MixinLevelLoadingScreen.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.gui.fast_loading_screen.MixinLevelLoadingScreen
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/shader/ShaderConstants.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.ShaderConstants
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.ShaderConstants$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.ShaderConstants$Builder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/glyph/GlyphVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.glyph.GlyphVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/matrix/MixinGameRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.matrix.MixinGameRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/buffer_builder/intrinsics/MixinSpriteTexturedVertexConsumer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.buffer_builder.intrinsics.MixinSpriteTexturedVertexConsumer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/math/MatrixUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.math.MatrixUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/backends/multidraw/ChunkDrawParamsVector.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.ChunkDrawParamsVector
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.ChunkDrawParamsVector$NioChunkDrawCallVector
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.ChunkDrawParamsVector$UnsafeChunkDrawCallVector
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/WorldSlice.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.WorldSlice
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/util/GlMultiDrawBatch.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.util.GlMultiDrawBatch
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/control/ControlValueFormatter.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.ControlValueFormatter
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/gui/MixinDebugHud.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.gui.MixinDebugHud
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/backends/oneshot/ChunkRenderBackendOneshot.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.oneshot.ChunkRenderBackendOneshot
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/quad/QuadVertexSink.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.quad.QuadVertexSink
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/type/VertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.type.VertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/buffer/VertexData.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.buffer.VertexData
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/storage/OptionStorage.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.storage.OptionStorage
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/compile/buffers/BakedChunkModelBuffers.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.buffers.BakedChunkModelBuffers
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/particle/writer/ParticleVertexBufferWriterUnsafe.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.particle.writer.ParticleVertexBufferWriterUnsafe
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/texture_tracking/MixinSprite.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.texture_tracking.MixinSprite
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/xhfp/NormalHelper.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.xhfp.NormalHelper
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/func/GlVertexArrayFunctions.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlVertexArrayFunctions
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlVertexArrayFunctions$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlVertexArrayFunctions$2
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlVertexArrayFunctions$3
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/control/Control.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.Control
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/tessellation/GlTessellation.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.tessellation.GlTessellation
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/cloned/PalettedContainerExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.cloned.PalettedContainerExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/options/MixinOptionsScreen.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.options.MixinOptionsScreen
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/array/GlVertexArray.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.array.GlVertexArray
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/cache/HashLightDataCache.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.cache.HashLightDataCache
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/ChunkRenderColumn.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.ChunkRenderColumn
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/line/LineVertexSink.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.line.LineVertexSink
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/buffer_builder/fast_sort/MixinBufferBuilder.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.buffer_builder.fast_sort.MixinBufferBuilder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/sfp/SFPModelVertexBufferWriterUnsafe.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.sfp.SFPModelVertexBufferWriterUnsafe
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/common/util/collections/FutureDequeDrain.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.common.util.collections.FutureDequeDrain
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/blender/SmoothBiomeColorBlender.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.blender.SmoothBiomeColorBlender
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/SodiumClientMod.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.SodiumClientMod
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/block/MixinBlockModelRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.block.MixinBlockModelRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/state/GlStateTracker.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.state.GlStateTracker
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/common/util/ListUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.common.util.ListUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/buffer/VertexBufferView.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.buffer.VertexBufferView
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/tessellation/GlVertexArrayTessellation.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.tessellation.GlVertexArrayTessellation
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/ChunkRenderManager.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.ChunkRenderManager
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/ChunkModelOffset.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.ChunkModelOffset
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/ModelQuadUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.ModelQuadUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/task/CancellationSource.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.task.CancellationSource
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/math/FrustumExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.math.FrustumExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/xhfp/XHFPModelVertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.xhfp.XHFPModelVertexBufferWriterNio
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/pipeline/BlockRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.pipeline.BlockRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/shader/GlShader.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.GlShader
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/data/QuadLightData.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.data.QuadLightData
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/model/MixinItemColors.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.model.MixinItemColors
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/tessellation/TessellationBinding.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.tessellation.TessellationBinding
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/buffer/GlMutableBuffer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.buffer.GlMutableBuffer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/attribute/GlVertexFormat.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.attribute.GlVertexFormat
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.attribute.GlVertexFormat$Builder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/common/config/SodiumConfig.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.common.config.SodiumConfig
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/options/MixinMinecraftClient.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.options.MixinMinecraftClient
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/device/RenderDevice.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.device.RenderDevice
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/func/GlIndirectMultiDrawFunctions.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlIndirectMultiDrawFunctions
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlIndirectMultiDrawFunctions$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlIndirectMultiDrawFunctions$2
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlIndirectMultiDrawFunctions$3
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/item/MixinItemRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.item.MixinItemRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/glyph/GlyphVertexSink.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.glyph.GlyphVertexSink
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/pipeline/MixinBakedQuad.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.pipeline.MixinBakedQuad
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/chunk_rendering/MixinChunkBuilder.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.chunk_rendering.MixinChunkBuilder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/cloned/ClonedChunkSection.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.cloned.ClonedChunkSection
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/VertexDrain.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.VertexDrain
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/cloned/palette/ClonedPalleteArray.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.cloned.palette.ClonedPalleteArray
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/particle/ParticleVertexSink.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.particle.ParticleVertexSink
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/cull/graph/ChunkGraphIterationQueue.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.cull.graph.ChunkGraphIterationQueue
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/sfp/SFPModelVertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.sfp.SFPModelVertexBufferWriterNio
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/debug/MixinDebugHud.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.debug.MixinDebugHud
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/block/MixinWorldRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.block.MixinWorldRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/chunk_rendering/MixinWorldRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.chunk_rendering.MixinWorldRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/cloned/ClonedChunkSectionCache.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.cloned.ClonedChunkSectionCache
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/control/ControlElement.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.ControlElement
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/ModelVertexSink.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.ModelVertexSink
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/ChunkMeshAttribute.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.ChunkMeshAttribute
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/data/ChunkRenderData.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.data.ChunkRenderData
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.data.ChunkRenderData$Builder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/SodiumWorldRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.SodiumWorldRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/EntityLighter.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.EntityLighter
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/tessellation/GlAbstractTessellation.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.tessellation.GlAbstractTessellation
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/ClientWorldExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.ClientWorldExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/options/MixinGameOptions.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.options.MixinGameOptions
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/shader/ChunkFogMode.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.shader.ChunkFogMode
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/smooth/SmoothLightPipeline.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.SmoothLightPipeline
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/ModelVertexUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.ModelVertexUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/UnsafeUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.UnsafeUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/particle/ParticleVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.particle.ParticleVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/common/util/IdTable.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.common.util.IdTable
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/control/SliderControl.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.SliderControl
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.SliderControl$Button
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/cache/ArrayLightDataCache.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.cache.ArrayLightDataCache
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/smooth/AoNeighborInfo.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoNeighborInfo
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoNeighborInfo$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoNeighborInfo$2
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoNeighborInfo$3
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoNeighborInfo$4
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoNeighborInfo$5
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoNeighborInfo$6
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/shader/ChunkProgram.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.shader.ChunkProgram
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/render_layer/MixinRenderLayers.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.render_layer.MixinRenderLayers
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/tasks/ChunkRenderBuildTask.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.tasks.ChunkRenderBuildTask
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/ModelCuboidAccessor.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.ModelCuboidAccessor
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/storage/SodiumOptionsStorage.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.storage.SodiumOptionsStorage
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/MathUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.MathUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/OptionPage.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionPage
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/screen_quad/writer/BasicScreenQuadVertexWriterFallback.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.screen_quad.writer.BasicScreenQuadVertexWriterFallback
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/type/VanillaVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.type.VanillaVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/widgets/FlatButtonWidget.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.widgets.FlatButtonWidget
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/pipeline/FluidRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.pipeline.FluidRenderer
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.pipeline.FluidRenderer$1
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/passes/BlockRenderPassManager.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.passes.BlockRenderPassManager
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/MaterialIdHolder.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.MaterialIdHolder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/math/Matrix3fExtended.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.math.Matrix3fExtended
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/common/util/DirectionUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.common.util.DirectionUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/passes/BlockRenderPass.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.passes.BlockRenderPass
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/backends/multidraw/StructBuffer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.StructBuffer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/device/CommandList.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.device.CommandList
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/buffer/GlBuffer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.buffer.GlBuffer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/texture_tracking/MixinSpriteAtlasTexture.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.texture_tracking.MixinSpriteAtlasTexture
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/ModelQuadViewMutable.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.ModelQuadViewMutable
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/hfp/HFPModelVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.hfp.HFPModelVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/shader/ChunkRenderShaderBackend.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.shader.ChunkRenderShaderBackend
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/binding/compat/VanillaBooleanOptionBinding.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.binding.compat.VanillaBooleanOptionBinding
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/common/config/Option.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.common.config.Option
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/core/model/MixinBlockColors.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.core.model.MixinBlockColors
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/LightPipelineProvider.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.LightPipelineProvider
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/device/DrawCommandList.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.device.DrawCommandList
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/line/writer/LineVertexWriterFallback.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.line.writer.LineVertexWriterFallback
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/quad/writer/QuadVertexWriterFallback.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.quad.writer.QuadVertexWriterFallback
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/screen_quad/BasicScreenQuadVertexSink.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.screen_quad.BasicScreenQuadVertexSink
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/buffer/VertexBufferBuilder.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.buffer.VertexBufferBuilder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/attribute/GlVertexAttributeFormat.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.attribute.GlVertexAttributeFormat
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/ChunkStatusListener.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.ChunkStatusListener
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/ChunkRenderBackend.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.ChunkRenderBackend
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/compat/LegacyFogHelper.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.compat.LegacyFogHelper
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/BufferUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.BufferUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/transformers/SpriteTexturedVertexTransformer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.transformers.SpriteTexturedVertexTransformer
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.transformers.SpriteTexturedVertexTransformer$Glyph
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.transformers.SpriteTexturedVertexTransformer$Particle
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.transformers.SpriteTexturedVertexTransformer$Quad
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/attribute/GlVertexAttributeBinding.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.attribute.GlVertexAttributeBinding
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/pipeline/context/ChunkRenderCacheShared.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.pipeline.context.ChunkRenderCacheShared
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/particle/writer/ParticleVertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.particle.writer.ParticleVertexBufferWriterNio
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/texture/SpriteUtil.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.texture.SpriteUtil
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/blender/FlatBiomeColorBlender.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.blender.FlatBiomeColorBlender
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/sfp/SFPModelVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.sfp.SFPModelVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/OptionFlag.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionFlag
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/compile/ChunkBuilder.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.ChunkBuilder
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.ChunkBuilder$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.ChunkBuilder$WorkerRunnable
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.ChunkBuilder$WrappedTask
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/storage/MinecraftOptionsStorage.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.storage.MinecraftOptionsStorage
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/hfp/HFPModelVertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.hfp.HFPModelVertexBufferWriterNio
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/entity/fast_render/MixinModelPart.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.entity.fast_render.MixinModelPart
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/compile/ChunkBuildBuffers.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.ChunkBuildBuffers
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/device/GLRenderDevice.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.device.GLRenderDevice
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.device.GLRenderDevice$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.device.GLRenderDevice$ImmediateCommandList
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.device.GLRenderDevice$ImmediateDrawCommandList
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/smooth/AoCompletionFlags.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.smooth.AoCompletionFlags
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/ModelQuad.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.ModelQuad
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/data/ChunkMeshData.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.data.ChunkMeshData
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/backends/multidraw/MultidrawGraphicsState.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.MultidrawGraphicsState
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/shader/ChunkShaderBindingPoints.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.shader.ChunkShaderBindingPoints
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/data/LightDataAccess.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.data.LightDataAccess
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/light/LightPipeline.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.light.LightPipeline
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/format/xhfp/XHFPModelVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.format.xhfp.XHFPModelVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/util/color/ColorABGR.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.util.color.ColorABGR
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/model/MixinMultipartBakedModel.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.model.MixinMultipartBakedModel
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/matrix_stack/MixinMatrixStack.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.matrix_stack.MixinMatrixStack
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/buffer/GlBufferTarget.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.buffer.GlBufferTarget
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/control/CyclingControl.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.CyclingControl
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.CyclingControl$CyclingControlElement
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/type/ChunkVertexType.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.type.ChunkVertexType
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/OptionImpl.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionImpl
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionImpl$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionImpl$Builder
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/backends/multidraw/IndirectCommandBufferVector.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.multidraw.IndirectCommandBufferVector
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/options/MixinInGameHud.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.options.MixinInGameHud
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/OptionImpact.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.OptionImpact
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/func/GlInstancedArrayFunctions.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlInstancedArrayFunctions
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlInstancedArrayFunctions$1
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlInstancedArrayFunctions$2
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.func.GlInstancedArrayFunctions$3
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/quad/ModelQuadView.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.quad.ModelQuadView
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/ChunkStatusListenerManager.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.ChunkStatusListenerManager
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/particle/cull/MixinParticleManager.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.particle.cull.MixinParticleManager
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/options/MixinWorldRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.options.MixinWorldRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/backends/oneshot/ChunkOneshotGraphicsState.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.backends.oneshot.ChunkOneshotGraphicsState
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/SodiumGameOptions.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumGameOptions
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumGameOptions$AdvancedSettings
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumGameOptions$GraphicsQuality
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumGameOptions$LightingQuality
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumGameOptions$NotificationSettings
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumGameOptions$QualitySettings
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/SodiumGameOptionPages.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumGameOptionPages
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.SodiumGameOptionPages$SupportedGraphicsMode
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/attribute/BufferVertexFormat.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.attribute.BufferVertexFormat
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/compile/buffers/ChunkModelBuffers.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.compile.buffers.ChunkModelBuffers
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/control/TickBoxControl.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.TickBoxControl
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.control.TickBoxControl$TickBoxControlElement
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gl/shader/ShaderWorkarounds.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gl.shader.ShaderWorkarounds
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/chunk_rendering/MixinClientWorld.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.chunk_rendering.MixinClientWorld
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/cloned/ChunkRenderContext.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.cloned.ChunkRenderContext
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/mixin/features/buffer_builder/intrinsics/MixinWorldRenderer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.mixin.features.buffer_builder.intrinsics.MixinWorldRenderer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/transformers/AbstractVertexTransformer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.transformers.AbstractVertexTransformer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/world/cloned/palette/ClonedPaletteFallback.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.world.cloned.palette.ClonedPaletteFallback
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/render/chunk/ChunkRenderContainer.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.render.chunk.ChunkRenderContainer
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/gui/options/binding/GenericBinding.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.gui.options.binding.GenericBinding
me/jellysquid/mods/sodium/client/model/vertex/formats/line/writer/LineVertexBufferWriterNio.java
 me.jellysquid.mods.sodium.client.model.vertex.formats.line.writer.LineVertexBufferWriterNio
